 home. about. our work. news. blog. contact us. 
 
Studio news. 
6 OCT 09

Amnesty International Childrens Coalition Website






We've just started designing a brand new website for Amnesty International and Children's Rights Alliance.Together the two non-profit organisations are leading a new coalition that will champion children and young people under 18 years.To date 35 groups and organisations have joined the new Children's Coalition. The non-profit will focus on all aspects of mental health...

 
STUDIO NEWS | NON-PROFIT | CHARITYContinue reading >>
 
3 AUG 09

Aware Website Re-Design


We're delighted to announce we've started work on a very exiting full re-design and development of Aware's website and online services.

Aware is a Dublin,Ireland based charity providing support for people suffering from depression.Depression is a condition that can take many forms,form short lived feelings of sadness that most people experience from time to...
 
STUDIO NEWS | NON-PROFIT | CHARITYContinue reading >>
 
10 APR 09

UPR launch uMeet



Our sister company have launched uMeet,their flagship product.uMeet is a web application for non-profit organisations.It's like a chatroom but designed specially for support and counselling.Rather like a traditional face to face group,but online.

uMeet is a product long in the pipeline,with many years of development and real world experience behind it.Bodywhys...
 
RELATED NEWSContinue reading >>
 
6 APR 09

DLR County Enterprise Funding





We're delighted to announce we received funding and support from Dun-Laoghaire Rathdown County Enterprise Board for the Sabe application.Its great to get such positive feedback and support so early on as we're just getting this product off the ground.

for more information on Sabe,the Student Accommodation Booking Engine,check out the website here.

 
STUDIO NEWSContinue reading >>
 
12 JAN 09

Sabe application goes live



Sabe is a unique booking and rental engine built specifically for the rental and management of student accommodation.Sabe,which stands for Student Accommodation Booking Engine,is a 100% web based application built by the team behind Cubedroute.

Its been in the pipeline for a long time,but we're delighted to finally get it out there after a lot...


 
STUDIO NEWSContinue reading >>
 
21 JAN 08

Cubedroute founds sister company UPR

We've teamed up with some really talented individuals to found a new sister company to Cubedroute that will focus on providing creative web 2.0 application solutions.

The name UPR stands for Unconditional Positive Regard and in many ways sums uo the companys ethics and code of practice.The UPR website will be up and running soon and we...


 
STUDIO NEWSContinue reading >>
 
1 FEB 07

Its not jazz but its music to our ears
We've taken the plunge and under our technical director's watchful eye we've devoted significant team resources to make the transition over to Django framework.Still a relatively new phenomena Django is a high powered Python framework.Python is an extremely powerful language and has been widely used for years by such organisations as NASA and Google...
 
STUDIO NEWSContinue reading >>
 
1 JAN 07

Welcome onboard Tom!
Fasten your seat belt!
Cubedroute is delighted to announce the appointment of their new technical director Thomas Moran.Tom brings with him eight years of industry experience and technical knowhow from the web and telecommunications inductry.His significant experience in new technology R&D makes him the perfect candidates to spearhead the implementation of new technologies here at Cubedroute.

Its exciting and busy times...
 
STUDIO NEWSContinue reading >>
 
 Tags
Studio News(7)
Non-Profit(2)
Charity(2)
Related news(1) 
@Cubedroute twitter feed
 follow us on Twitter 
Recent entries
Amnesty International Childrens Coalition Website
Aware Website Re-Design
UPR launch uMeet
DLR County Enterprise Funding
Sabe application goes live
Cubedroute founds sister company UPR
Its not jazz but its music to our ears
Welcome onboard Tom! Fasten your seat belt! 
Archives
October 2009 (1 posts)
August 2009 (1 posts)
April 2009 (2 posts)
January 2009 (3 posts)
February 2007 (1 posts) 
 
 
 
Work with us 
 Contact:

E:mailto:hello@cubedroute.com Subscribe by Email:

You can receive Cubedroute updates via email.Just pop your email address in the box below. 
 
 
 
? CUBEDROUTE LTD - An Irish Registered Web Design Company (420713)hello@cubedroute.com 
 
